I was at school at the summer camp California Summer Music, and first I was with my friend Kim and my other friend Leah-Anne in the pool. Then I was at a dance with some people that I didn't know. Then I was in a dark dormitory with my friend from camp, Mary. Then I asked for a flashlight and she gave me one. After I got out of the dormitory, I saw people sloshing around in mud. I wanted to do it too, but then my mom called me to come get into the car. We went to the mall and my mom had to get all of these things in 15 minutes, so they were hurrying. When she was finished, I woke up.
It was Bring Your Pet Day at the Science Faire at my school. I saw a goose and a chicken and 7 chicks and a little girl came up and stole a chick. That's it.
A new girl was hired to cut our hedges (she's my baby sitter in real life). When I saw her I knew she had once been my baby sitter. No one believed me. I tried to tell them she was married. I don't know why it's important.
We were in Maui. Maui had a bear problem. We went swimming in the pool and a bear came in. It was right near a boy but it passed him. He came towards us and as soon as it caught us it said "Gotcha!" and he took off his mask. It was a person.
My dad had a friend. She looked like Cruella DeVille. She blew up my house while she was in it. She was all brown and she walked up to the couch where I was hiding. She tried to shoot me but I said, "Please don't shoot me," and she said, "I won't shoot you."
I was in San Francisco. There was a steep roller rink on tracks. I wobbled. There was a drop. My Mom pointed (to) the San Francisco party! (We) went down to see. (I) got lost from my parents. (I) had to go to the bathroom. Charlene, in my purple leotard, was with me. It was just her and me. I said, "At least I still have you!" Then I was on roller skates. There was a glass door. I thought I saw Jacob on the other side. I waved. Me and Charlene decided it wasn't Jacob. We went through the door. It was Jacob. We entered a (Disney) garden. It had a boy fountain, Peter Pan, spitting water with his hands out. My mom said, "Last chance for a bathroom." I looked at her skeptically. Then I miraculously knew right away. I got on the hand and pulled it down. I didn't know how to do it. It was like some unknown force was pulling a hood open and shut. There was something about six inches. I woke up.
In my dream I thought that dreams were all connected in a puzzle and that my dream of the snakes being run over by a boat was connected to the Disney garden, and they would go together because I would have something terrible happen at the gardens but I would survive it like the snakes.
I was in the mountains (Tahoe - with my mother and father and cousins, at my friend's house, and I was a boy). I found a lady and she was lost, and we went on a big adventure.
George and Elaine were in my science project. George and Elaine got together, but I was also outside of a humongous house and there was a party going on inside and out. I have these notices and they were magnetic in my dream and they were in my science project. I watched Seinfeld last night. George and Elaine are in that, and I was doing my homework in bed. I was doing my science project in the bed in the dream.
At My school, there was this big humongous castle which I lay in but it was a pool. If you wanted to go inside the castle you would have to take a seminar. But one time in the dream, since the castle was my house, I had a sleep-over and we went swimming.
I had to read in a book. The book (in real life) said, "I have to pay $50 and nothing was wrong with (the) TV." And in my dream, me and my mom and my sister were on a road trip and it was night. It was dark, and even with the lights on we couldn't see. So I said let's go fix them, and my mom said, "Well, it will probably cost $50, and they will tell me nothing is wrong."
Dreaming about (my) science project and shopping about thinking and talking. "Clos" was going to our topic, and Anne was a genius on long cut off at then end shorts so she was mentoring us, Kim was my partner in the project. [Sorry, Chris - this was verbatim and I couldn't make more sense of it. - SC]
Bobbie and I were walking at the park and saw a lake. So then I look at Bobbie and then jump in the water. I swim to the other side and I'm in the desert. I jump onto a camel and ride on and on. Then I meet a new friend, and a man tries to kidnap us, so we run and I meet a really cute boy named Joe, and we get married. Then I woke up.
I'm at school and I have homework due, and I don't have it. All of a sudden I wish I had a magic lamp and I do, there on the side of me, a magic lamp. I had all of my homework on the other side of it done and everything. I give it in, and get a big sign at the end of the year that said on it "all homework A+" and I was so happy.
In the dream, I was in my room. I'm not sure if I was reading or what. I was supposed to be doing my science project. Then I heard my mom yell at me from downstairs. She yelled to do myscience project. I got annoyed. I'm pretty sure there was more to this dream that I don't remember.
We (my family) were driving on the freeway in the middle of the night. My dad turned on the radio and this weird guy was telling people to call in and tell him any song from 1942, and he would play it. This lady called and said a song, but it wasn't from 1942. Then this man called and they played his song. I got mad at my dad, because he always plays weird music.
Me and my mom went to an office supply store and my mom bought me a new binder. It was purple with a zipper.
I dreamed that it was a cold night in a castle and I had a dagger in my hand. Then a pale guy (with blood dripping from his mouth) attacked me and I stabbed him.
My teacher and I were in a room together. There was a man with a goatee standing near us. Then he sat down on a bed and started reading a bright orange book. "Le Trusty Leon" - the trusty horse was the title of the book. My teacher wanted to know how the book was, and the man said okay. My teacher said she might like to read it sometime.
(Note: I couldn't remember all of my dream. This is a fragment.) I walked up to the writing classroom. On the door was an orange sign that said: "Jonathan! I want to interview you!" After reading the sign, I walked into the room.
I don't know when I had this dream, but suddenly I remembered it: Me and some of my friends in my class at school that was studying ETs, were at a dry dusty place. In front of us was a very high ladder that led to a black blimp-shaped building. We climbed, and when we got to the top we couldn't open the door. It was really dangerous, and we all freaked out. Finally, we got the door open and walked into a nice room with a black leather couch. A man dressed in all black turned to us, surprised. He welcomed us in, but my friends were gone. He was an astronomer, so I stayed to get info for my class that was studying ET life, and somehow I agreed to stay for at least a week. But my parents had wanted me to come home. [Drawing of a blimp-shaped thing with a square cabin hanging below, suspended in space, with a ladder leading up to the cabin door. The blimp has three windows. There are clouds in the sky.]
I don't remember when...): I was going to school at the public school near my house. I signed up to do a class like a class I have at school. Suddenly, I was back at my school, doing a project you have to do for that class. The new class was nothing like my old class, and I hated it. The boy I was doing the project with suddenly fell off the bridge. I grabbed his hand, and a lady in yellow said he had only five seconds before he fell. She and another man dressed like her grabbed him and pulled him up.
I was saying "miss" and then there must have been an interruption/commotion. After, I think someone answered me with a rude remark. It was some sort of takeoff on a play and the part that I was reading, but the surroundings were not correct. It came and went quickly, or so it seemed. P.S. I think that I was so excited about this new dream journal that I tried to control my dream too much. That's why I can't elaborate.
I was playing my violin with all my music friends. I am much more advanced than "Twinkle, Twinkle" but still, that's what we were performing. Last night I had a violin recital for real and played my hard pieces. At the end though, I played the duet to Twinkle. In my dream there was a girl at my level, or a bit above, who played Twinkle by herself, and then my other friends and I played duets but completely messed up. 
My dream was very confusing, and at times impossible to understand. Therefore, I don't remember hardly any of it. The vague idea was I was lost. I think there was a big crowd of unfamiliar faces.
I dreamt of acting in this play thing with my friends at school. I had what I thought was a really dumb part and our director was mean. We had to show another kid (some boy and I) down to where we were, and even though she wasn't supposed to be in the play, she kept sneaking in our room and singing out of tune with my singing group. The pianist was annoyed.
I was with my real mom and she was driving me somewhere. When we came back home, there was a big commotion. My brother, who hated our step-uncle, was selling all of our step-uncle's possessions vigorously. He was selling them for money that didn't exist and he didn't care until my dad talked to him. My step-uncle came home and he was in big trouble.
I was in a 1/2 P.E. class and 1/2 picnic with the P.E. teacher. It was a very odd situation. We were passing food and writing names on bits of paper: names for basketball partners. All of a sudden, some sort of low-flying, child-created, kid-driven aircraft came toward us. It touched some heads and playfully bumped a few of us purposely. When the 7th grade driver told us he could have injured us badly, I got terrified.
I was making this strange project for history. It was dome shaped and made out of many strips of written-on cardboard. It meant to demonstrate an immigrant's cycle and it incorporated a code. I think I was having fun with it.
I was playing a game sort of like the Wheel of Fortune. You spun a wheel that had a bunch of wood panels on it. When you spun the wheel you pushed down as many panels as you could.
I was at a pool show with my friends, and we were sitting in benches, in front of this big, blue pool. A white-haired grandma rushed up to my friend in the first row and said, "How do I do a flip?" My friend put her in a seat and watched her do a flip. Then she did a flip in the pool. Melissa, our science teacher, wanted me and my friend to go with her to this house-looking place. She made us do flips. My friend could, but I couldn't. I asked "What if we can't?" Melissa just laughed. She said do the flips into the pool when the announcer said, "Uke Wattle." We waited, but the dream ended.
I was having a party for my birthday! It was Saturday. We were just kind of hanging out and playing a lot of different fun things and making shirts. We'd take a white shirt and design it with dark blue puffy paints that were all glittery, covered with really shiny glitter that was golden and silver. There were also other colored paints to use, and the whole party we had was really fun!
I was floating on a huge raft and there was water all around me. I had a huge cow thing on the raft with me. We went over an alligator and it tried to eat the cow. I saved the cow. My dream changed to a place with big huts everywhere. I found a hut which everyone wanted but I got it. I then went into a hut where people were making paint.
I was coming up from my P.E. lesson and time had stopped. When it came back to normal, I went to my locker. People had put stickers all over mine and theirs. My writing teacher came down the hall and said, "I don't know, I just don't know."
There was a huge house my mom wanted to buy. It was 8 billion dollars. My dad had just gotten a raise and we were going to buy it.
We (my class) were setting up our stuff on a camping trip or something. And the counselor told us to be careful not to kill any plants or animals when we put down our sleeping bags and pillows. I looked under my pillow and found two turtles. Then someone pushed the counselor's truck down the hill we were setting up our stuff on, and then just before the truck was going to crash, I woke up.
Lydia (my friend), Bob (a jerk) and I were at an ice cream shop sitting at a table. None of us had any ice cream. Then Lydia's Auntie Ruth came into the store. She was deaf. I know sign language and so does Lydia, so we were talking to her. This is the second dream I had in this night that I can remember. The other one I don't remember anything except that I had it.
There were these babies that would blow out fires or put out fires. The mothers of the babies were both in movies. I remember one part when one mother took her baby over to the other person's house at five in the morning. That is all that I remember.
I was in my house getting ready for bed with my mom and I heard the door open. I ran to the front door and saw four black figures. The four black figures walked slowly closer to me. Each foot they put forward, I put back. Then the alien - one of the four black figures -tried to grab me. I pushed them out the door locking it right after I closed it. I ran to the telephone and the phone was dead. The next day at school a kid (and a man) came up to me talking, and one said, "I am an alien, too. Don't be scared, I won't hurt you because you are an alien too!" I backed up and ran.
My mom was working and I was at school. We both had a normal day. It was Friday. We went out to dinner with my mom's friend. When we finished dinner and were ready to go home we went to find our car and our car was gone. My mom's friend offered to take us home but we decided to go inside and tell the manager. When we went back outside our car was in the parking place. The manager went back to work and we came home. When we got back home I went into my room and I fell through a hole in the ground.
I was sitting in my house watching TV. I heard a knock on the door, it was my mom's friend Dee. She said, "Hi, can I come in?" I let her come in. "Mom, Dee is here," I yelled. My mom came a couple minutes later. (A U.P.S. guy came at some point.) When my mom came to talk to Dee, I decided to go to my room. That didn't do much at all because I could still hear what they were saying from my room. "I was wondering if you guys wanted to go to Yosemite with me and my friends." Mom didn't say anything. We both were silent.
I was watching television in my house in my living room, with three of my friends. The show we were watching ended so we decided to play with my hamster in my room. My mom had fallen asleep on the couch in the living room. We had the back door open. When we were playing with my hamster, we saw a humming bird fly past my window. Then we saw one fly into my room. It started to try to pick at us with his long beak. Each time hetouched us it made a hole.
Me and my mom and a couple of my friends were driving up to Yosemite for winter vacation. On the way we stopped at Wendy's to get something to eat (somebody took our order). When we were back on the road all of us except for my mom did homework. We had to drive over a lot of different bridges. When we drove over the last bridge, we heard crumbling. Me, my mom and my four friends looked under us. The bridge was crumbling and falling into the rushing river. We fell into the river 10 seconds later.
Me and two of my friends were playing tag in a forest at my school. It was hide and go seek tag. (There were some other kids playing tag that I did not know.) Me and my friend were hiding together by a bridge that went over a small stream. My other friend found us which meant we had to run back to base. Me and my friend who was not it ran and jumped over the stream. I tripped and started falling falling fallingthrough the ground.
I dreamed that we were at our school dance, and this man with a gun came in and put a gun to my friend's head - and then he shot her and I went to call her parents and they got there. That's all I can remember.
I was in the hospital and for some reason the Munsters were there. And I had to have my tonsils taken out. I also ate ice cream.
Our class was leaving somewhere (they were very excited) and some kids were going on these airplanes and some kids were going on buses, but the last 10 kids were going (on) gurneys even though they weren't hurt, and they were going on a bus.
A man shaved my head because I was in the army, and all these people shot these wooden pellets with needles in them at me, and my dad was trying to protect me but they kept hitting me.
I was in my tennis lesson and for no reason, the other two people I take lessons with started doing the steps for square dancing.
I was skiing on the best slope. It was called PINBALL and it was covered with powder. (My dad, Helen, and Helen's dad were all skiing and having fun.) It was so fun. But then my skis started sinking into it. I kept going until finally my dad pulled me out.
I was at school when two boys walked up and talked to me. One told me to meet them at the upper field. I ran away. Then when I saw them again, they told me that this boy liked me, too. (The boy who told me these things I know already liked me, and I was embarrassed to talk or be around him.) Next, he showed me this letter, but then someone told me what it meant. It meant song. Finally (I don't mean that as a good finally), he sang me the song and all of a sudden I felt weird, but then I woke up.
I was at school running around the halls playing tag and hide and go seek. My dream went back and forth between running around the halls at school, in a party where you can paint shorts, and a place where it was like a harder game of tag because you would be climbing walls and fences, but these walls and fences were already set up for you, because the place where we were at set up a special game for the older kids. This dream was fun.
The way I remember my dream is: I was in the gym (I had already been checked in), sitting at a table. There would be one stool between every person. In really life, I took three sets of tests. The first was an English, then mathematics, and last another English. However, in my dream I was already on the last test, although this time the teachers were more organized because in real life I signed up for a math test but I got two writing and one math instead. In my dream I took two math and one English/Writing. Then the dream ended in my mind.
I went over to my friend Ellie's house and we had to walk back on the highway all the way to my house. It was from San Francisco to San Carlos. first we passed my parents at my neighbor's house, then we walked up to the house. The house wasn't my house. I went inside then my best friend Amy appeared and we ran inside and jumped (on) the bed. This bed was reserved for Amy. So I had to make it again. I couldn't do it. So I asked my mom to do it. Then Bob came along. He was going to go out and I told him to be careful.
My parents had two more babies and they were so cute. I was playing with them. We had a thing in the center - it was a big thing full (of) balls. The babies loved it. Then my family came over - cousins, grandma, (and) my aunt was already over.
I went (to) a Chinese place. We were at the library in San Francisco. I went to a CD store, also in San Francisco. I bought three CDs and went (to) a shirt place to see if they sell shirts that were cheap. The time had run out. There was something going on with the Chinese people. (Illegible - numbers?) I had bought my CD for Clarissa, my friend.
There was a store right by my bathroom window. They had really good books that were on sale for 50 cents. I got a tape of Home Alone 
I got a homework reminder in my mailbox. I don't know what it was for. "Basic Strategies" - what? I dialed 509: "Hello, (illegible)," I said. "Yeah," she said, "I'll meet you and we will talk about what you are supposed to do." "OK," I said. I went to the library and there were cookies all over the table. I ate a bunch of them. Then I went to the girls bathroom, and the boys were there. I told them they didn't belong there and they got out.
There was this robot at school. He was mean and he was destroying everything. At first everything was fine then he ruined everything. Changing peoples' tests and being annoying. What do we do?
I was at Sydney and JC's house. We were playing games. Then my cousins came and we went bowling. I was at a strange school. It was almost Halloween. We were putting Halloween stickers on our lockers. Jenna was getting hers and the principal was telling a story about a mean college girl.
All my friends from school were in a Baskin Robbins ice cream store to celebrate my friend Sandy's birthday. I was trying to choose a flavor, but they didn't have anything I wanted, so I didn't get an ice cream. Then we went to a pizza place, but they didn't want us in there because we were making too much noise. In the car, Sandy was crying and I asked her why, and she said, "I really wanted pizza."
My parents told us we were running out of money, and that we had to cut our expenses down to the minimum. So we sold everything we had, and started all over. I got some new clothes and toys. We still went to the same school, but we had to tell all our friends that we were running low on money. Then everyone in school contributed a dollar, some kids more, and we had plenty of money.
It was the same dream I recorded on 1/20/97 at 8:22. ("I was in the dining hall at my camp and we were singing camp songs really loudly and having a great time. Then the background changed, and I was in a forest under the stars with my sleeping bag, when I realized that I forgot to pack my clothes. The background changed again, and I was in line with my camp friend to vault. She said, "Well, if your mom brings cool clothes that's great, but if she doesn't you can borrow mine." I then saw my mom rushing by and I asked her to make a list of the clothes I wanted.") Except that before I got to the dining hall, I was in a bus, and they let a kid drive the bus and we got in a crash.
Me and my family were all in a cabin up in Tahoe, and were looking at pictures when it was time to go. We had to take two cars because we had so many people. We started on our way when the first car stopped in the middle of the deserted road we were travelling on. My dad got out of the first car, and shouted "fire." Sure enough, there was a small orange flame by the car. And he started to fight it, and eventually put it out.
I climbed down from my bed to a microwave, and flew through the night sky with my friend Claire and a talking acorn. Then we all got wings of an orange butterfly and my Prek teacher's face appeared (the one who calls me Anne Butterfly because she had names for all the kids) came into view, and said "fly." We flew down to bed with Claire near me and when I woke up my pillow was beside me.
I went and picked about 45 Christmas trees and I hauled them to lots of different places and with the leftovers I put (them) in Christmas stands along the freeway.
I was running through the forest in the back of our house and I met animals that could talk, not in words, but in only some way I could understand them. I figured out that only I could understand them, because when I brought a bird home and it started talking to me, my mom couldn't hear it. Only me.
I don't know what I was or felt like. All I did was climb a tree that was never ending. It was like being in a green room.
I don't remember the first part of the dream. But I remember the end. I was at my circus class, and they needed three people between 90-120 lbs. I was one chosen. We climbed up like a 20 foot tower, and stood on something. I can't remember what. I looked on either side of me and saw Will (a boy in my real circus class), and a person, boy or girl, who was familiar, but I don't think she was real. We held waists, then jumped from the platform thing. We floated gently down, then slammed onto the teterboard (a circus apparatus) and catapulted the person on the other end into the air (Bill). Then, we floated up again, into the air, and flew slowly, barely missing hitting Sandy and Alexis (my contortion partners) and landed smoothly on a crash mat.
I was in ancient Africa. I invented a time machine. All I had to do was press these numbers that stood for the date and I'd go to the time I wanted to be in. I came to modern time with one of the ancient African people. Everything here was really cool for them here.
Everybody I know would see when I went down the alphabet. Like when I saw A I'd see them eating an apple. I could only go down to N - past that everybody would turn into monsters.
I was at a park. I met a boy who was crying. I was taking care of kids at My school - the ones I take care of in junior coaching. I calmed a little kid down. His big brother stepped out and was some movie star. I don't remember which one. For some reason we were immediately at the boardwalk (the movie star and me). We were really good friends and walking along. He bought himself about 12 chocolate bars. Then we walked out of the boardwalk.
I dreamt that I was playing truth or dare with my friends Ryan, Devin, Lisa, Jerry, Courtlyn, and Jordan. We just played, then I realized that we were in a movie. It was a rent movie, and the people I mentioned and I starred. We were going to ski when I woke up.
I was a famous songwriter. I had stayed up to about 12 reading (in real life) and had fallen asleep. I dreamed that I had written a one-hit wonder, and everyone was kissing up to me. The song was about blackberry kisses, and the radio company played it all the time. Then after Jerry kissed me, I woke up.
I was picking blueberries in a huge forest, and if the blueberries were workers we had to skin them and roll them up like a burrito. People I was picking with were really nice. It was really fun. Miles & miles of blueberry bushes.
I dreamt that I was a dog. I was in a dog's body and I had a human brain. Not much happened. I just romped around with the other dog near me.
Well, I remember two teenagers, I guess they were my brother and sister because our father gave us each four million dollars. I remember the girl saying that that was not enough, but our father had already gone. Our house was on an island and when the boy went out on his boat two sharks chased him and he ended up on the shore, in the arms of the police. The whole time, the girl was smiling, then she sailed over to a cave in a big rock, and that was the last I saw of her. I remember buying a sweatshirt with my four million dollars. Actually, I did see the girl. She was walking in with me from when I had bought my sweatshirt. Then I saw her again, sitting on the couch, talking to our dad.
Well, the first part I remember, we had to do this weird thing. This guy put a board across this big muddy spot and we had to go down it. But then when we got there, there was nowhere to go. When I looked to my LEFT I saw the inside of my house. I don't remember what was on the right. When I got up from the spot I was in, I walked into the big room and Courtlyn asked me if I wanted to have the other shirt and shorts that Holly gave her. See, Holly gave her two matching shirts and shorts for two of us to wear to the Valentine's Day dance.
I remember my brother taking my little electric diary thing and stomping on it over and over again. Then I remember I was crying and brought it to my dad and somehow he got it to work. Before that (under my aunt's request) I was going through my cousin's jacket and taking out all of the harmful stuff. Like pins and knives and weird stuff.
Well, it was like a movie. Me and two guys and another girl (my family?) went to Alcatraz. When we got there we just stood there for a moment feeling the wall. Then we went inside to the office and were looking around when a guy walked in. Then he started talking to us, and I had a bad feeling about him. Somehow we captured him and the guys asked the other girl to slit his scalp. She did and then suddenly he shoved us all away from him and his head was one of an alien. Then he pulled out his gun and started shooting at us. We were chased around for a while, when I tripped right in front of him. He aimed his gun at me and said, "Now you can't escape me." I thought he was going to fire, but at the last second he put his gun up and shot at something else. Then he fell over because someone shot him. He looked over at me and said, "I'm sorry," and then he sat up and made some big speech thing and then I woke up.
I had a dream that I was in my book. Well, at least I think so because I remember an old west town and then I heard someone mention "Boo Radley." I can't really elaborate because I can't remember much.
I remember the part where I was supposed to go through the haunted house. A girl led me around a little stand (with my eyes open) until I reached the talking bears. When I started playing with one a crowd of kids gathered around me.
The science teacher, Melissa, was showing us pictures of science projects, and she came to one of a girl lying on her stomach with her head to the side. Next to her was her lunchbox. Melissa told us what happened. She was doing an experiment to see if she could tell why her lunchbox was making weird noises. She had her project set up in the middle of a freeway (don't ask why). When she opened the lunchbox this poisonous gas came out and put her unconscious. The police somehow knew about it and came. They told her to put on a gas mask next time, so she did and completed the project.
First of all, I remember two things in the dream that weren't related to anything. A front yard of a neighbor to My school, and a HUGE building that my dad drove me to that was some kind of palace. The person of importance there had a collection of big TinTin postcards hanging on a low wall. But the main part of the dream was that in P.E. we studied the first Olympics. Each of us got a randomly chosen sport, and I got the marathon. I had to draw a picture of a person running it. For some reason, I wanted to draw them holding a torch, but I woke up after my first try which looked like this: (picture).
First, me and Courtlyn were at this store. For some reason we couldn't go past this certain point that I wanted to go past. Then we went to her house, but it wasn't her current house, it was a huge mansion. I remember baking something sweet. Later that day, I went back to the same store with Sandy, Lynne, Claire and Brian. We did go into the part that I really wanted to go, but it wasn't all that exciting after all. But it was still pretty good. We all had bags, so we played "find the bag." I hid my bag behind a counter, but no one else had hidden theirs yet. Then Lynne went behind the counter and hid her bag there too, but she didn't see mine. Instead, she started babbling/shouting on and on about how it was the best hiding place. Brian, Claire, Sandy and I heard, but none of us went to find hers there.
I was at a place where I always go camping. But now there was a building with sports equipment in it. Everybody was trying to swim up stream holding onto a log.
Mom is holding a jar with a mouse. Dad is with her. A lion chases them. I go inside where it is totally calm, at the JCC. There are teachers and kids. These are two different worlds.
I got out of bed, I did my usual morning thing. I went to school and immediately I was having recess on the bridge. Then my mom woke me up for the third time.
I was walking down the steps to a garden, talking to a little boy who was telling me he didn't have a horse, even though I knew he did. Somebody started chasing us, and this little man snapped his finger and a taxicab appeared in the driveway of the mansion. Me, the man and the boy drove away.
I was going to visit my old school. I was running late because my school started at 10:00 and it was already 10:05. My clock was an hour off, so I was really trying to hurry.
I had a dog, and it wasn't one of those dogs that was all over you, and I got it to somehow love me, and we were very close.
I was in the bathroom and I looked in the mirror and saw that half of my front tooth was chipped off and was sitting on my bottom tooth. I took off the broken part and went to my parents' room to show them. I wanted them to super-glue my tooth, but they didn't know how, so I had to go to school that way!
My brother and Katy were playing. Tayo comes in and says that Katy did something not nice. I finally got Katy to say sorry, and they were happy again. Then they went to my room and Katy was doing a headstand on my chair and she toppled over and Tayo caught her...and then I woke up.
There was an ant and a giant. First, the giant died and reincarnated, then the ant. They both really missed each other. (This is something that I remember in vivid detail.) The ant was on the bench trying to make a statue of the giant, and some animal comes over and tells the ant where he could see this giant. Then the animal shows the ant to a pile of bones.
I dreamt I was in Japan with these other people. We were having chips. They were all laying out on the table. The dad got mad and threw away my bag, thinking it was nobody's. The people barely noticed me.
My "friends" were writing a fake love-letter to me and I was watching them. They were in the 8th grade locker area and it looked kinda like my old school.
I climbed a mountain with leaves and grass to a shack with a lot of accessories outdoors. There, I saw a man I knew. Other part - I was looking into a big refrigerator and the rows of lights in the fridge went out. Then all the power went out. My mom was there.
Bob, an enemy of mine, became my really good friend. He even kissed me on the cheek! Bob doesn't do any homework and always gets F's. I tried to talk to him about school work but he went away. The next thing I know I'm going out with a bunch of my friends to Hawaii. Abby is going too, but she is taking the Concorde plane instead of a regular one like all the rest of us.
I went skiing with my family and I saw the boy I like. My brother Adam and I went snowboarding. We went on expert runs and I was really good. We went on a run that had a huge rock cliff and I almost went over it. Then I was scared. At the lodge, the boy was hugging me and stuff because I was his girlfriend. I was really happy. Then we had to leave and I said I'd see him soon.
